## Environment:  
- .NET version: 6.0

## Read-Only Files:   
- InventoryWebApi.Tests/InventoryApiTests.cs

## Data:  
Example of a item data JSON object:
```
{
  "name": "Shirt",
  "category": “Top wear”,
  "price": 500,
  "discount": 50,
  “quantity”: 10,
  "barcode": 12345678
}
```

## Requirements:

A company is launching a new service that is responsible for maintaining the inventory store. Similar service is used by multiple clients like Flipkart, Amazon or any e-commerce company which is associated with selling any product, big or small. An 'inventory' needs to be created, and as part of this challenge, you are required to come up with a service to maintain this inventory.

As step 1, create a service that supports REST APIs for creating, deleting, and updating items in the inventory.  For easy fetch and maintenance, we need to maintain details like barcode, name, pricing, discounts, category. A few more APIs are required to create product entries, delete, update, sort as per the price, fetch as per the category etc. A detailed explanation about the APIs and data is given below.

Each item object is a JSON object with the following keys -  
- name - Name of the item. [STRING]  
- category - Category to which item belongs. [STRING]  
- price - Price of the item. [INTEGER]  
- discount - Discount on the item. [INTEGER]  
- quantity - Quantity of the items available in store. [INTEGER]  
- barcode - Unique id of every item as generated by the system. [INTEGER]  

## The following APIs need to be implemented:

The following APIs need to be implemented:
1. Adding new item - POST request should be created to add a new item. The api endpoint would be /inventory/item. The request body contains the details of the item. HTTP response should be 201.
2. Deleting any item by barcode -  DELETE request to endpoint /item. The request body would contain the barcode of the item that needs to be deleted. HTTP response should be 204. 
3. Editing the item - PUT request to endpoint /inventory/item/{barcode}. The route would contain the barcode of the item that needs to be updated and the request body contains the information that needs to be updated. HTTP response should be 204. In case the item to be edited does not exist, return 404.
4. Getting all items - GET request to endpoint /inventory/item should return all the items in the system. The HTTP response code should be 200.
5. Getting all items in the category - GET request to endpoint inventory/item/query?category={category}  should return the entire list of items in this category. The HTTP response code should be 200. If no items exist return in this category, return an empty array.
6. Getting all items sorted as per the price in descending order -  GET request to endpoint /item/sort should return the entire list of items in descending price order. The HTTP response code should be 200.
7. Get an item by barcode - GET request to endpoint inventory/item/query?barcode={barcode} should return the details of the item with this barcode. The HTTP response code should be 200.  If no item exist return with this barcode, return an empty array.
8. Get all items greater than a particular discount value - GET request to endpoint inventory/item/query?discount={discount} should return all the items having discount greater than this value. The HTTP response code should be 200. If no such item is found, return an empty array.
9. Get an item by name -  GET request to endpoint inventory/item/query?name={name} should return the details of the relevant item. The HTTP response code should be 200. If no such item is found, return an empty array.
